FEATURE: Allow Users to search products by product-related criteria
Conditional - Multiple buttons that allow sorting and users to filter search criteria
User Stories:
As a user, I should be able to sort the products by name, price, ratings, etc.
As a user, I should be able to limit the number of products shown on my screen by filtering only what I want to see such as products that fit my price range, product category, product-related descriptions, etc.

FEATURE: Clicking a list item should show an independent entry of the item with extra data
Conditional - All items on the list is clickable and open the correct data page for that item
User Stories:
As a user, I should be able to tap on an item on the list and be able to see additional information to help my buying decision.

FEATURE: The shopping cart should be accessible throughout the lifetime of the app
Conditional - Every screen that the user navigates to should have a way to easily access the shopping cart
User Stories:
As a user, I should be able to visit the shopping cart whenever I want to.
As a user, I should be able to see how many items are in the shopping cart without needing to go into it.

FEATURE: Users should be able to add/remove/modify products to/from/in a shopping cart
Conditional - Users can add items to shopping cart from any screen
   - Users can remove products from the shopping cart
   - Users can modify quantity and product-specific features in the shopping cart
User Stories:
As a user, I should be able to add items to the shopping cart when I see it on the screens.
As a user, I should be able to remove items I don’t want from the shopping cart.
As a user, I should be able to modify the quantity of the item I want to buy.
As a user, I should be able to modify the product features to cater to exactly how I want it.

FEATURE: Users can check out the shopping cart
Conditional - At the shopping cart screen, users can check out their order
   - If the shopping cart is empty, it should show an empty shopping cart icon and a short message
User Stories:
As a user, I should be able to check out the items I want to buy.
As a user, I should be able to see an empty shopping cart when I haven’t added anything yet.

FEATURE: Users can leave feedback and a rating
Conditional - Users can leave feedback and can be seen on the expanded item entry page
User Stories:
As a user, I should be able to rate and leave feedback about the item I am about to buy.
As a user, I should be able to see other peoples ratings and feedback about the product.